DEVDOCS-5321: [update]add polish, remove links to language files (#2053)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/localization/localizing-stores.mdx

> BigCommerce supports these uneditable strings in the following languages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce's Cornerstone Stencil theme supports these uneditable strings in the following languages:

```
